! Stylefile for blackbox
! Automagically generated by bbstylemaker

!-- info --
style.name:                             Phosphene port
style.author:                           vnzll
style.date:                             2013
style.credits:                          made for bbLean 1.17 release

!-- background --
rootCommand:                            bsetroot -solid rgb:e7/ea/d9

!-- toolbar --
toolbar.appearance:                     flat solid
toolbar.textColor:                      #ffffff
toolbar.marginWidth:                    0
toolbar.font:                           Haxrcorp S8
toolbar.fontHeight:                     9
toolbar.alignment:                      center
toolbar.label.appearance:               parentrelative
toolbar.label.textColor:                #8c8d91
toolbar.label.marginWidth:              3
toolbar.windowLabel.appearance:         flat solid
toolbar.windowLabel.textColor:          #ffffff
toolbar.windowLabel.backgroundColor:    #cf545c
toolbar.clock.appearance:               flat solid
toolbar.clock.textColor:                #ffffff
toolbar.clock.backgroundColor:          #507499
toolbar.button.appearance:              parentrelative
toolbar.button.foregroundColor:         #808080
toolbar.button.pressed.appearance:      parentrelative
toolbar.button.pressed.foregroundColor: #808080
toolbar.button.marginWidth:             0
toolbar.backgroundColor:                #223445

!-- menu --
menu.title.appearance:                  hidden
menu.title.textColor:                   #7c7c7c
menu.title.marginWidth:                 0
menu.title.font:                        HaxrCorp S8
menu.title.fontHeight:                  9
menu.title.alignment:                   left
menu.frame.appearance:                  flat solid
menu.frame.foregroundColor:             #f2f1b9
menu.frame.textColor:                   #ffffff
menu.frame.disabledColor:               #000000
menu.frame.marginWidth:                 0
menu.frame.font:                        cure
menu.frame.fontHeight:                  13
menu.frame.alignment:                   left
menu.frame.backgroundColor:             #223445
menu.active.appearance:                 flat solid
menu.active.foregroundColor:            #f2f1b9
menu.active.textColor:                  #f2f1b9
menu.active.backgroundColor:            #cf545c
menu.active.marginWidth:                6
menu.bullet:                            square
menu.bullet.position:                   right

!-- window --
window.title.focus.appearance:          flat solid
window.title.focus.backgroundColor:     #afafaf
window.label.focus.appearance:          parentrelative
window.label.focus.textColor:           #021b21
window.handle.focus.appearance:         sunken pipecross interlaced gradient
window.handle.focus.color1:             #707070
window.handle.focus.color2:             #f0f0f0
window.grip.focus.appearance:           raised vertical gradient
window.grip.focus.color1:               #93ff21
window.grip.focus.color2:               #32df5f
window.button.focus.appearance:         parentrelative
window.button.focus.foregroundColor:    #f2f1b9
window.button.pressed.appearance:       parentrelative
window.button.pressed.foregroundColor:  #808080
window.button.marginWidth:              0
window.title.unfocus.appearance:        flat solid
window.title.unfocus.backgroundColor:   #8f8f8f
window.label.unfocus.appearance:        parentrelative
window.label.unfocus.textColor:         #000000
window.handle.unfocus.appearance:       raised vertical gradient
window.handle.unfocus.color1:           #93ff21
window.handle.unfocus.color2:           #32df5f
window.grip.unfocus.appearance:         parentrelative
window.button.unfocus.appearance:       parentrelative
window.button.unfocus.foregroundColor:  #f2f1b9
window.title.marginWidth:               0
window.label.marginWidth:               0
window.frame.focus.borderColor:         #021b21
window.frame.unfocus.borderColor:       #021b21
window.frame.borderWidth:               0
window.handleHeight:                    0
window.font:                            cure
window.fontHeight:                      13
window.alignment:                       center

!-- slit --
slit.appearance:                        sunken pipecross interlaced gradient
slit.color1:                            #e6e6e6
slit.color2:                            #ffffff
slit.marginWidth:                       3
